# Private repository for the automation of the OECD How's Life? 2023 country profiles

This repository contains the data, code, and image files made for the figure automation of the How's Life? 2023 country profiles, based on the How's Life? 2022 country profiles (https://www.oecd.org/wise/measuring-well-being-and-progress.htm#country-notes). In this repository you will find a folder to replicate the automation of the current well-being wheel ("wheels"), the resources for future well-being table ("r4fw-table"), vertical inequalities ("vertical-inequalities") and lollipops by sex ("lollipops-sex"). The initial automation of the How's Life? country profiles was proposed by Mónica Quinzá in 2022 for the lollipop charts to analyse current well-being inequalities by sex, age and education.

The OECD How’s Life? country notes show whether people’s well-being is getting better by looking at current well-being outcomes, inequalities, and resources for future well-being in OECD countries. The data are obtained from the How's Life? Well-being Database (https://stats.oecd.org/Index.aspx?DataSetCode=HSL).

This code was produced by Mónica Quinzá (except for a short section of the Spearman regression used in the resources for future well-being table, which was written by Philip Chan in 2019). All files can be replicated as of July 5th, 2023. In case you run into issues, please check all packages are downloaded correctly or please feel free to contact Mónica Quinzá at monica.quinza@gmail.com. The code should run in both, Windows and MacOS.

For the replication of the automation of the current well-being wheel, please make sure you save the logo images of the well-being dimensions that are available in the data folder for the wheels ("data/wheels/images"), as these will be imported in the R workspace and used in the plot. If you run this code outside of an OECD-site, you might have to update the coordinates used in the plot to place the logo images of the well-being dimensions and the lines (or option B).

For the replication of the resources for future well-being table, and in order to save the table as PNG image file, please make sure you have downloaded Google Chrome in your laptop and are in an OECD-site (running this code outside of an OECD-site will not allow you to save the image file as R needs to open Google Chrome to save the image, and Google Chrome is not installed in the Remote Desktop/Sandbox). You do not need to be in an OECD-site if you are running this code on your personal laptop and have Google Chrome installed in your laptop. Also, please make sure you save the logo images for the well-being capitals that are available in the data folder for the resources for future well-being table ("data/r4fw-table/images"), as these will be imported and used in the table.

For the automation of the lollipops by sex, code to automate the same lollipops but by education (secondary and tertiary) and age (young and old, and young and middle-aged) is available upon request. Please contact Mónica Quinzá at monica.quinza@gmail.com
